Tidy up and readme refresh (#176)
splitpayments/api-documentation: README.md

Welcome to the Zepto API documentation source.

Zepto's API Documentation is hosted at [docs.zeptopayments.com](https://docs.zeptopayments.com/) and powered by [readme](https://readme.com/). 

> Note that parts of the docs published at [docs.zeptopayments.com](https://docs.zeptopayments.com/) is maintained outside of this repo. For example:
> - The PayTo API reference is located in https://github.com/zeptofs/split. 
> - The [PayTo](https://docs.zeptopayments.com/docs/payto-overview) and [Getting Started](https://docs.zeptopayments.com/docs/getting-started-in-sandbox) Developer Guide is managed separately by the _Solutions & Customer Success team_. 
> - The [Changelog](https://docs.zeptopayments.com/reference/change-log) is managed separately by the _Solutions & Customer Success team_, which is prepared based on [Internal Release Notes](https://zeptoau.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/IRN).
> 

Reviewer: Since this is a public repo, shall we omit internal URLs? 

```suggestion
Note that some parts of the docs published at [docs.zeptopayments.com](https://docs.zeptopayments.com/) are maintained outside of this repo. 

```

Author: I did not realise the repo was public so thanks for pointing that out! 
Yes good call removing the internal links. 

I'll move these details to some internal team documentation.

## API Reference

### How does it work?

- The Zepto API is documented using the [OpenAPI 3.0.0 specification](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/master/versions/3.0.0.md).
- The new [Swagger editor](http://editor.swagger.io/) was used to get the boilerplate done.
- The API spec is then converted to [Slate](https://github.com/lord/slate) friendly markdown with [Widdershins](https://github.com/mermade/widdershins).

### Starting application locally

```sh
make start # Ctrl+C to stop
```

### Making changes

1. With the application running, edit the `source/openapi3/split.yaml` or any themes/templates. The preview should update a few seconds after
   you save your changes.
2. Changes to the YAML file will be built and output to `source/index.html.md`, courtesy of Guard (see the [Guardfile](Guardfile)). 
   (Don't edit the output file directly).
3. Commit both the YAML and the build output changes.

> 4. Create an [Internal Release Note](https://zeptoau.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/IRN) so that the (Merchant-facing) API Changelog can be updated accordingly.

Reviewer: Omit internal URL?

Note: Currently only changes to split.yaml will trigger the automatic update.

## Developer Guides

### Making changes

> 1. Make changes to the Developer Gudies directly in the [source/guides](source/guides) markdown files (there is no need for the application to be running). For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Make changes to the Developer Guides directly in the [source/guides](source/guides) markdown files (there is no need for the application to be running). For example:
```

> - [source/guides/zepto-api.md](source/guides/zepto-api.md)
> - [source/guides/webhooks.md](source/guides/webhooks.md)

Reviewer: Should these be indented? 
```suggestion
  - [source/guides/zepto-api.md](source/guides/zepto-api.md)
  - [source/guides/webhooks.md](source/guides/webhooks.md)
```
